they also have this other narrative that
that there
is a problem with vegans and animal
rights activists
uh content creators influencers whatever
you want to call yourself they seem to
have more of an issue now
with people who are doing this having
money
if this best life living is so in our
faces right now
if they do get rich and i mean some of
us might want them to so they'll
actually give it to the animals
but if they do get rich it's gonna be
so in our faces them telling us well you
should've listened to me when i said to
get in at ten dollars no it's up to
50 and we've made millions and it's like
who has 220 000 to invest your life
savings i don't know with
your body's out on show for the world to
me
i just it just feels gross to me
and i want to like move my eyes away
from it and move on
hey everyone so a few of you
have been asking me what do you do for
work
where do you study blah blah blah july
and i said i'll make this video in july
and it's the end of july so it still
counts
it actually marks my seven year
anniversary of not working
[Music]
so
i'm actually really proud of this what i
want to ask for
are donations essentially i somehow
gotta get money now just a quick
question
i'm probably going to sweden with my
girlfriend in september
and i may also want to go to norway if
there's anybody out there who would
offer us a place to stay
i don't know like i don't i don't owe
these people explanations
it can be on the floor or anywhere i
don't need a lot of space both of us
don't because we don't sleep on a bed
anyway
just something what's up everybody it is
time for me to create a patreon page
for those of you who do not know patreon
is a way for supporters
of my work to support me by giving a
monthly donation
this will give me some security in my
life because for the last five years or
i might i'm in my fifth year now of
doing
full-time volunteer animal rights
activism
i haven't ever asked for any money i've
never charged a single dollar for any of
the 100 speeches
a few hundred speeches that i've done
and
i wanted to do that so that no one could
ever question my integrity or
question why i'm doing this no one could
ever question my integrity
or question why i'm doing this it would
be like
so easy for me to just sell out and like
post an a like a [ __ ] detox ad on
instagram
and just be holding a [ __ ] skinny tee
and make 10k
like i could have done that so many
times like i've gotten
so many offers from companies to do that
and i've never sold out because if i
lost my authenticity and i would just
lose
everything i would lose everything that
i've been building and it's not worth it
but i was in this place a few months ago
of like [ __ ] like i literally
like what am i gonna do like i'm a very
lucky guy in life i'm
very lucky very very lucky lucky lucky
for real and the thing is that uh i had
a girlfriend who has put up it now
whose parents are millionaires and they
gave me
500 euros at least every month
usually more
[Music]
i would recommend anybody who's in any
grade now to drop out of school
for real and that's no joke at all at
some point if i get to the point
where there's no other alternative for
me than to work
then i'll probably just take
a few of my things and just get away
somewhere
maybe on some island i'm not sure but
i would probably rather die trying to
hunt my food somewhere
then i would rather live like that
honestly
than be enslaved
i pretty much can't afford this diet
anymore
because i don't get the money anymore
because i met somebody else and
i chose her over everything else
and i also want to be able to fight the
best that i can
and get involved in everything
that need that i believe will help the
cause and sometimes that takes money and
often i'm given opportunities to get
involved in
that i have to say no to because i
simply do not have the funds
so i don't want that to be an issue i
want to try to start
being more organized and getting more
done and employing people if need be
and getting the equipment that i need to
get and whatever it takes to
move this vegan movement as far forward
as possible i want to be able to do that
and if more money will help
me do that then that is what i'm going
to have to do so someone had said um
is this is this is money going towards
ending the animal holocaust
and then obviously like it turned out
that it was for
uh the investment which in your eyes i
suppose means it is going towards ending
the animals
of course more eventually so is that is
that kind of what you were getting at
when you said yes it is
two things two things two things so
someone said is this money going sorry
what do you remember what the
there was there was yeah it was like
someone was like is this money going
through the ending of a holocaust you
said yes it is and then later on i think
you said i never said it was
all right all right i can explain this
easily i can finally see he's like yo
what's cracking everybody hey it's dawn
so i'm here with my homie randy
what up big dog yo randy started getting
very excited um
and i was like what the hell what's
going on bro come down here come down
here
anyway so randy's the chart man i have
no idea what all this stuff means but
randy's very good at this
it's like another language to me anyway
why don't you tell everybody what's
happened since the video
i posted yesterday it was it was a
deception in the very beginning
of what you were buying because the way
i was sold on it was
this is going to change the future of
the world this is like an
energy sharing program for the whole
world it feels like it's this like hyped
up gambling game that's like now now now
look at the
numbers are going up they're going up
and then
to focus on your followers
to like share this as non-financial
advice
to like hundreds of thousands of
followers that you have gotten to trust
you through the years through your work
in animal rights
so like you've built up a trust with
these people
and now you're using that trust from
one area which was animal rights to get
them to to like get excited about this
gambling program you're in and nobody
really knows like
how it's gonna all turn out okay so
anyways when we posted the video the
price was hanging around uh they made
eight dollars this morning it went down
to
about 8 10 and then right now we went
from
actually 819 all the way to a high of
eight
nine ninety why are these people are
they paying my bills am i this
are they my boss like who are they they
don't deserve
the information to my life if i don't
wanna give it to them even if i
even if i did like david okay so
yeah i said no because who is this
person asking me personal questions
about my life like
yeah i lied to them not that i did but
even if i did so what
if anyone um watched my video yesterday
and decided to
buy into ewt they would have made twenty
percent more on their investments
we think no this isn't financial advice
it's not financial advice but
just a couple of guys paying attention
to the shots
i'm at this point where all i want to do
is give and help and like
just give back to people but like
also i need money to do that and because
i haven't been creating that much
at all my income dropped significantly
when i was in hawaii
but i literally had to sell my camera
last month to pay rent
my camera and that like
that literally makes me want to cry it's
okay to have money it's good to have
money like look at the most famous
people in the world
the most influential people in the world
they're influential because i got money
money is power because i feel like
art is an extension of who i am like art
is
art is what gives me life it's what
makes me feel alive and i had to like
i don't have my camera anymore like my
beautiful camera that i used to film all
those videos i literally don't
have it because i was like broke so
people looking up to all these people
with 50 million followers on instagram
what do you eat we
want to do whatever you do what do you
eat they're up there
because they're loaded with cash money
is
what everyone cares about it's so easy
for social media to give the impression
that like
i have this together and that i like
have my [ __ ] figured out and really like
no one does i want to be able to do this
job until
the job is done until we've reached
total animal liberation
to do that i'm going to need some sort
of security some sort of income
so that i don't have to quit doing this
and get stuck in some sort of nine to
five job
where i am not helping this cause at all
obviously money can help the vegan
movement encounter the animal rights
movement in countless different ways
one of them when we're talking about
social media if you are living a great
life
a really great life a life that most
people can't live
you are going to uh
you are going to attract vegans
and countless non-vegans probably one of
the best things you could do in terms of
activism
is get very rich and famous live it up
and influence your tens of millions of
followers to go vegan i'm striving to do
that
[Music]
maybe we can we can practice